Database#

MS SQL Server! 
    MS SQL Server is a relational database management system (RDBMS). 
    Applications and tools connect to a SQL Server instance or database, and communicate using Transact-SQL (T-SQL).

Azure SQL Database! 
    Azure SQL is a family of managed, secure, and intelligent products that use the SQL Server database engine in the Azure cloud.
    Azure SQL is built upon the familiar SQL Server engine, so you can migrate applications with ease 
    and continue to use the tools, languages, and resources you're familiar with. 
    
Oracle!
    Oracle Database (commonly referred to as Oracle DBMS, Oracle Autonomous Database, or simply as Oracle) 
    is a proprietary multi-model[4] database management system produced and marketed by Oracle Corporation.

    It is a database commonly used for running online transaction processing (OLTP), data warehousing (DW) 
    and mixed (OLTP & DW) database workloads. Oracle Database is available by several service providers on-premises, 
    on-cloud, or as a hybrid cloud installation. It may be run on third party servers as well as 
    on Oracle hardware (Exadata on-premises, on Oracle Cloud or at Cloud at Customer).

MySQL!
    MySQL is a widely used relational database management system (RDBMS).
    MySQL is free and open-source.
    MySQL is ideal for both small and large applications.

Access!
    Microsoft Access is a database management system (DBMS) from Microsoft that combines the relational 
    Access Database Engine (ACE) with a graphical user interface and software-development tools. 
    It is part of the Microsoft 365 suite of applications, included in the Professional and higher editions or sold separately.

DBase!
    dBase (also stylized dBASE) was one of the first database management systems for microcomputers 
    and the most successful in its day. 
    The dBase system included the core database engine, a query system, a forms engine, 
    and a programming language that tied all of these components together.

Informix!
    Informix is a product family within IBM's Information Management division 
    that is centered on several relational database management system (RDBMS) and multi-model database offerings. 
    The Informix products were originally developed by Informix Corporation, whose Informix Software subsidiary
    was acquired by IBM in 2001.

